Add Automation 2.0 configuration (#1186)
smartcontractkit/documentation: src/pages/chainlink-automation/register-upkeep.md

Optionally, you can fetch the LINK address and registrar address from the intended registry at run-time.

:::note[Fund your contract]
Make sure your contract has enough [ERC-677 LINK](/resources/link-token-contracts/) to fund the Upkeep at creation. _The minimum amount is 0.1 LINK._
:::

> For Mainnets see [Code example mainnets](#mainnet-parameters)
> For Testnets see [Code example testnets](#testnet-parameters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mainnets and testnets use different versions of the Registry and Registrar interfaces.

- Mainnets: Use the v1.x registrar and registry interfaces. See the [Mainnet parameters](#mainnet-parameters) section.
- Testnets: Use the v2.0 registrar and registry interfaces. See the [Testnet parameters](#testnet-parameters) section.

```
